Include qml.inv in operation docs (#491)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/operations.rst

        qml.RZ(x, wires=0)
        qml.CNOT(wires=[0,1])
        qml.RY(y, wires=1)
        qml.T(wires=0).inv()
        return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(1))

This quantum function uses the :class:`RZ <pennylane.RZ>`,
:class:`CNOT <pennylane.CNOT>`,
:class:`RY <pennylane.RY>` :ref:`gates <intro_ref_ops_qgates>` as well as the
:class:`PauliZ <pennylane.PauliZ>` :ref:`observable <intro_ref_ops_qobs>`.

> Note that PennyLane supports inverting quantum opperations via the :code:`.inv` member method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that PennyLane supports inverting quantum opperations via the :meth:`~.Operation.inv` method.
```

> Additionally, PennyLane provides a method :code:`qml.inv()` that can be used to invert sequences 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, PennyLane provides a method :func:`~.inv` that can be used to invert sequences 
```

> of operations and :ref:`templates <intro_ref_temp>`.

Reviewer: Worth making a `.. note::` box?

Reviewer: (better to link directly to the page rather than use a reference).
```suggestion
of operations and :doc:`templates`.
```

    ~pennylane.Identity

> :html:`</div>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:html:`</div>`

```
